BUS STOP: SPACE S MALL
MEDICAL INNOVATION CITY, BIOTOWN
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
Hey, don't come near me.
Did you catch it?
What about you?
-Are you all right?
-Yes.
Right, I should have some medicine left.
No, it was your prescription. Finish it.
Take it.
That cold was mine anyway.
After what we did yesterday…
Your cold is as good as mine.
All right. Let's go.
Mun-su.
Why is she there?
Stop looking.
-Don't look at him.
-What are you doing?
-Getting jealous.
-Jealous?
Even I think he's cool.
Imagine how he would seem to you.
Hey, nothing can happen
even if you look at him now.
-You can't take it back.
-Take what back?
Why?
You're even prettier today.
How can you be so brazen
and become prettier by the day?
Stop it.
Because I can't believe it.
How did you
turn down someone like Mr. Seo
and come to like me?
We all know how great Mr. Seo is.
Jeez.
But to me, you're a much better person.
A better man too.
Hey, Gang-du!
Coming!
The park is close to the entrance,
so there will be lots of people.
We're expecting a lot,
especially since we made some concessions.
Yes, I'm currently discussing
with the landscape design team.
You know you rarely
get a chance like this, right?
Ju-won says he entrusted this to you
only based on your skills,
but I don't buy it.
I won't make a mistake.
I'll do a good job.
That's a given.
All right.
-Please excuse me.
-I'm not done talking.
You should show some consideration
for the person you turned down.
Sorry?
Please don't show off
your relationship with Mr. Lee
when you're around Mr. Seo.
-That's--
-He doesn't express it.
But he's having a tough time
getting over you.
I thought I'd be happy
to see him troubled,
but it's harder for me to watch him.
Please do this for me.
Mun-su.
Where's Mr. Seo?
He left to go to the head office
with Ms. Jung for a meeting.
Come on, why today?
He's always on site these days,
so I made this meal box for him.
Then I'll eat it.
Why?
It'd be a waste to throw it away.
I'm jealous of you two.
You work and date at the same time.
Good for you.
What will you do with all this?
What do you think? Let's eat.
Oh, you have to make me a separate plate.
I caught a cold.
You caught a cold too?
Is it from Mun-su? What did you do?
Do what?
Gosh, you guys share viruses too?
I'm so jealous.
What do you do on dates?
I have no idea because it's been so long.
Have you been to the movies?
There are lots of good films.
It gets suffocating in theaters.
What about a nice restaurant?
Chicken or pizza with beer?
What about that new ice rink
in front of the station?
It's a great place
for you to get lovey-dovey.
We can't go there.
What if Gang-du hurts his leg?
You two are so frustrating.
You guys meet,
eat fish cakes, take a walk,
and play on the swings,
and you walk her home.
That's not all, right?
If the theater feels suffocating,
go visit a manhwa café.
Look. Isn't it clean?
They have board games too.
If you don't want to be bothered
and want to do everything at once,
book a room on the day of,
and a suite will be as cheap as a motel.
You can order food,
watch a movie,
and satisfy your fleshly desires
all at once.
There are places like that?
It's fascinating.
BUS STOP: SPACE S MALL
This is so annoying.
I only made Gang-du
and the on-site manager happy.
This is so unfair.
Hey.
What's wrong?
I think I know her.
If you know her,
go say hi to her.
Why do you look so serious?
MEMORIAL PARK DRAFT DESIGN
S MALL MEMORIAL PARK PROPOSAL
BIOTOWN MEMORIAL PARK AGREEMENT
BEREAVED FAMILY
SIGNED BY HA DONG-CHEOL
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
STORE FOR SALE
BIOTOWN MEMORIAL PARK AGREEMENT
BEREAVED FAMILY
Did you know…
Mun-su had been working there?
Why did you leave me out of this?
Think about why Mun-su kept--
Fine, yes. It's all my fault.
What does she do there?
If you're curious, visit her.
Are you serious?
Why would I go there?
Over my dead body!
-How can you and Mun-su be so…
-Let's not talk about it.
Is this something
we can simply stop talking about?
-Is that how you feel?
-It's about time you let her go.
Yeon-su is dead.
I… I can't let her go.
Whose fault do you think that is?
You're the one who didn't let me
see Yeon-su one last time.
You're the one who did that! It was you!
Do you know how much I regretted it?
I regret it too!
Even if you saw her one last time…
you would still regret it.
If you came to compare who's in more pain,
you should go now.
It must be nice that it's so easy for you.
How… How can you be so undamaged?
To you…
does this life of mine seem undamaged?
Hey.
No parent would be fine
after losing their child.
How can anybody be undamaged
after something like that?
-Good work, Gang-du.
-Sure.
Gang-du.
Hey, you're bleeding. Goodness.
You're making me look bad.
It's as if I'm working you to the bone.
I need to show that I worked hard.
-Lift up your head.
-Okay.
Jeez.
PHARMACY
PHARMACY DEPARTMENT
It's often used as a painkiller.
It can cause liver damage,
so it's not for those
with a history of liver disease.
MEDICAL RECORDS
May I see medical records from 2005?
Oh, this is a pond,
so we can color it blue.
Mun-su, I find it much easier
to work using my hands.
Once I return to the design team,
I'll be stuck working on computers.
Next time, why don't we start--
Next time,
you'll do a great job by yourself.
-I'm quitting after this project.
-Why?
I was hired
only for this project from the start.
Then ask for a contract renewal.
I'm sure Mr. Seo will say yes.
That's why I can't.
That's why I can't work here anymore.
Take the landscape team's blueprint
when you're done
and try making the report.
This is a trail, so leave it empty.
We need to change the unit plan first
if we want a memorial park
instead of the parking lot.
We need a new estimate too.
-Have we discussed this--
-You two can do that.
That's why I pay you.
The park will be
within the resident trail,
so we need to design
the landscape separately.
-Then the budget…
-Forget it.
Maintain the quality while cutting costs.
That's what matters to me.
I don't want to know the progress.
And you.
Stop turning people down
and go on some blind dates.
Why not?
Kim Han-min's dad
is the vice minister of MOLIT.
If you can snag him,
we don't need to sit around
talking about problems
we can't find the answers to.
Is that something a director
of Cheongyu Construction should say?
That's why I married.
You aren't the only one.
I got married just two months
after we dealt with the accident.
Because my father-in-law was
the next chairman
of Construction Association.
Do you think I wanted to marry her?
How do you think
Cheongyu got here?
Hey.
You aren't the only one who sacrificed.
Tell me. What do you think?
A man like that…
would be helpful to Cheongyu.
We'll begin the groundwork
for the parking lot tomorrow.
-I'll see you at--
-What about me?
Do you think
that blind date will be helpful to me?
-It's for you to decide.
-No, give me an answer.
I'll do as you say.
What do you want me to say?
-I told you not to sigh in front of me.
-But I can't help it.
You throwing a fit
over something like this
only seems like a luxury to me.
So your brother was forced to marry.
But I lost my father.
I trusted you the most,
but you turned your back on me for work.
What about you?
What did you lose?
My answer is still the same.
He can help Cheongyu.
That means
even if I stop you,
you would go and meet him.
Open up.
Bigger. Open up.
Good boy.
I learned this from Mama.
A spoonful of this will fix you.
And where did you even catch
such a bad cold?
What's with you?
What will you do with this place?
I'm sure she told you.
-It's her final weapon.
-What?
Don't worry about it.
How did you know about that noodle shop?
What do you mean?
I went because it was good.
-Why?
-I went with Mr. Jung.
And there was a huge scene.
We got kicked out.
Mary!
-How dare you take him there?
-That's why I'm asking you.
-Mun-su's dad runs the place.
-So what?
He must've recognized Jung Yu-taek.
You should've told me.
Then I wouldn't have taken him there.
Wait, Mary.
-Do you like him?
-He's just a customer.
You'd go there with a customer
just to get noodles?
Is that… Are you kidding me?
You said you only date single men.
-He has a wife.
-I know. I know that.
He's very childish and immature,
so I began to pity him.
I should be the last guy you pick up
from the streets out of pity.
Or go look after cats.
There are lots out there.
You'd better not like him.
You're too good for him.
Goodness.
He always says the sweetest things.
Hey, you're home.
Let's eat. Auntie brought some greens,
so I made doenjang soup.
What are you doing? Sit.
I don't have an appetite.
You should still eat.
You go ahead and eat.
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
What are you doing here?
-Are you here for noodles?
-No.
Then?
I was wondering why I came here.
I wanted to vent out
everything I have inside…
but had nowhere to go.
Do you realize where you are?
I do. Ms. Ha's father runs this place.
Hey.
-Let's grab a drink.
-Why should I?
Just because.
I think i shouldn't leave you alone.
You're so tall and handsome.
My gosh.
He's taller than Gang-du.
He's a real big brother.
My gosh, big brother!
-Big brother!
-My goodness.
-Is he staying? Do you need blankets?
-Forget that. Just one ramyeon.
That's not enough for you two.
My gosh.
He's really big.
He's a real big brother.
-I'll pay it back.
-And these.
Okay. Let's go.
Gang-du, I'll bring you kimchi.
My room is too tiny.
Eat this. You'll get warm.
Ramyeon tastes best in the cold.
So what were you saying?
Vent out what to whom?
Wait, to Mun-su?
No way.
You can't suddenly hate someone you like.
Then who?
Me?
Did you wait for me?
I'm just jealous of you. I don't hate you.
Since when did you like Ms. Ha?
-That's an awkward topic for us.
-I…
I liked her from day one.
Do you want to live somewhere like this?
Can you live here with kids?
It'd be great if we also had buildings
that last 100, 200 years.
Don't you think?
Will you go back and begin
by examining the subsurface report?
MONTHLY SCHEDULE
I finally met someone who thought like me.
It was nice.
I felt my heart flutter.
I thought
I couldn't feel like that any more.
Mr. Lee, tell me.
Help me understand and give up.
-Just because.
-Just because?
Just because.
If I want to see her tomorrow
even though we met today…
doesn't that mean love?
I was a guy…
who only had to survive today.
But ever since I met Mun-su…
I began to wonder and wait for tomorrow.
Gang-du, big brother!
Kimchi.
I got kimchi.
-I'm leaving.
-Okay.
It's freezing.
What did we come out here for?
Hey.
This is nice.
It's pretty.
Why did you want to come here?
It really doesn't suit you.
What do you mean?
Back in school,
I was in the bird-watching club.
I went all around the country
trying to take a photo of a hooded crane.
You took photos too?
Hey, if I didn't have to do this
because of my dad,
I would've been a documentary director.
It was my dream to make
the National Geographic of Korea.
I would have traveled the world
living in nature.
Hey, do you know
how loud it gets when swans fly?
If they all fly up at once,
it'll be louder than a helicopter.
And do you see that brown bird?
They come from Russia,
traveling 3,660 kilometers round-trip
without stopping.
In just two weeks,
they reach Khabarovsk. Isn't that insane?
I guess you don't get how fast they are.
-They're so fast that--
-Stop explaining.
It's not fun to know everything.
They'll sit there,
then leave without any regrets.
That's all I need to know.
-I'm leaving.
-So early?
It's not early.
I came at the break of dawn.
Hey, but look at your outfit.
You're looking sharp.
Aren't you going home?
They still had more to take?
Don't even get me started.
I thought we'd be done after a few times,
but there are concrete columns
stuck everywhere.
I spent all day breaking them up.
I can still feel my head ringing.
I think I'm going deaf too. Hey, are you…
Didn't you say you were done with work?
Why are you going that way?
BUILDING A
What's wrong?
You said you had to get something.
Let's go somewhere else.
I'm really fine. I don't need anything.
Yes, you're fine.
Even though I'm slow-witted,
I won't ask you to pick out your own gift.
-Then?
-It's Jae-yeong.
I want to give her something.
What should I get?
-For her birthday?
-No.
Her internship ends next month,
so it's for that.
That's so cool. She's a doctor now.
What should you get for her?
What did you get for her birthday?
What does she like?
I've never given her a birthday present.
What?
The day of the accident was her birthday,
so it's also Dad's deathday.
She's never celebrated her birthday
after the age of 13.
That's why I want to get her something.
She grew up alone,
so I don't know what to get.
She loved these as a kid.
Not anymore, right?
MEDICAL RECORD
Traumatic liver injury.
Mr. Jung told me so much about you.
I usually dread blind dates,
but my father urged me to be here.
I've met the vice minister at a meeting
to plan an industrial complex.
He just made a business report at MOLIT,
and he's in support of Cheongyu Biotown
becoming the next big business in Moksan.
-And that's why we're here today.
-Sorry?
If you majored in architecture,
you must've been popular
as the goddess
of the College of Engineering.
CLASS CANCELED
It's canceled.
You didn't get the text?
I guess we were the only ones
who didn't know.
Aren't you in History of Architecture?
Sorry?
Do you want to do
the team project with me?
-Do you know who I am?
-Yes. Jung Yu-jin, freshman class of 2004.
If it's all right, please team up with me.
Ju-won, we sent a group text
saying that the class was canceled,
so why didn't you come out?
We started drinking early that day.
Ju-won, did you team up with anyone?
You'll join us, right?
Ju-won, did you team up with Yu-jin?
-Who's that?
-Jung Yu-jin.
Her family
is building a mall in Useok-dong.
She's infamous. Her dad got her admitted.
Did she ask you first?
No, I asked her to join me first.
Why? I heard she gets good grades
by asking good students to join her.
And professors always give
good grades to her teams.
That's why everyone avoids her.
That's why she works harder.
She's afraid the rumors may become true,
so she's never even late.
And she's skilled too.
This time, I'll let her do all the work.
Bye.
What is this?
Why is he teaming up with her?
With Yu-jin?
That's awful.
MOLIT's next project
is public rental housing.
Once Moksan wins the contract,
it'll be located near Biotown.
That's why my father…
If you want to discuss business,
let's meet in the office next time.
What about you?
What did you lose?
-You're going home without eating dinner?
-No, I have to go home early.
Why?
Mom didn't look too well recently.
I left her alone for too long.
That's my bus.
This is for you.
-That's for your sister.
-I got her something else.
When did you buy this?
Let me pick something.
SOCKS, STOCKINGS, FOOT COVERS
When you weren't looking.
Hop in.
Bye.
You crazy idiot!
Goodness.
What the heck are you doing?
It's freezing.
Give me a ride to the intersection.
I'm not going that way. Leave.
Then where are you going? Home?
How can you face your wife
after spending time with Mary?
We're not close enough
to talk about our private lives.
If you keep seeing her,
we'll become personally involved.
Why? Did Mary say something?
Is she concerned because I'm married?
No, I'm the one who's very concerned.
So save me the trouble
and just be a rich customer for Mary.
Hey.
Stay out of my business.
Just do your job right
so you don't end up like your dad.
Make sure Seo Ju-won doesn't ruin this
by making a mistake like his father.
Keep your eyes on him when you're on site.
Get out.
Hold me.
Yu-jin.
I won't expect anything else…
so just hold me.
Think of me as a stranger.
It can be out of pity
or because I look too cold.
Can't you just make up a reason
and hold me?
Mom.
Mom…
Mom?
Auntie, it's me.
Mom isn't home.
When did she leave?
When did you grow to be so big?
THE LATE HA YEON-SU
Don't you miss me?
Why don't you ever visit me?
I'll sleep a lot…
so come and see me in my dreams.
THE LATE HA YEON-SU
SANHO PUBLIC BATH
-Why are you out here?
-You wouldn't pick up. Where were you?
Let's go inside.
Did you drink?
I will now.
Go in and get some rest
before our kids get here.
Well, it's…
Goodness.
Why? That's my only friend.
Of course, you can.
Don't you know what I think about
whenever I can't reach you?
What do you think about?
Did you think
I went out and killed myself?
If I was going to kill myself,
I would've done it
as soon as Yeon-su died.
Why do you think
I'm here living like this?
What about me?
Why do you think I do this?
What about you?
Your career is taking off,
you have a boyfriend,
and you get along with your dad too.
BIOTOWN MEMORIAL PARK AGREEMENT
BEREAVED FAMILY
Should I have just played dumb?
Think about why I couldn't tell you.
Don't you know
how cautious I am around you?
What are you talking about?
You never listen to anything I say,
just like your father.
On that day too.
I told you to stay with Yeon-su…
If I had… I would've died too.
Would that have been better?
Or
did you want me dead instead of her?
How can you say that to your mom?
Why can't I?
You say everything you want to.
You brat.
Why am I the only bad one?
You're the one who sent us there that day.
Then you should be sorry.
Why do you keep making me sorry?
Get out.
Get out!
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
Dad.
You need to go home.
What's wrong?
Go stay with Mom.
You ran out like this?
-Look at your shoes.
-Forget about me.
Go be with Mom.
I don't think
she should be alone right now.
Yesterday, she--
Just go there. You need to go now!
Make sure Seo Ju-won doesn't ruin this
by making a mistake like his father.
Keep your eyes on him when you're on site.
-What are you doing in the cold?
-Why are you here?
I was sitting here missing you
and you really came.
This is so cool.
Aren't you cold?
How did you find me here?
Telepathy.
I thought you might miss me.
Why didn't you go in?
Why are you out here…
Get up.
Why?
I don't want to go in.
Then let's go somewhere else.
You'll catch a cold again.
I'm fine.
Let me down.
Not unless I see a shoe store.
Let me just carry you.
This is nice.
I love your smell.
I smell like sweat.
Your sweat smells different.
I like it.
You have such odd taste.
You're totally smitten with me.
I am.
I'm not going home today.
I don't want to.
Don't, then.
You can stay with me.
I really…
hate myself.
Then I should like you more.
I want to run away.
Let's do that, then.
Where to?
No idea.
I've never gone anywhere.
Wherever it is, let's go.
Okay.
Hey.
This was the only place I knew.
Otherwise, I thought I might end up
running away with her.
Let's put her down for now.
-What happened to her?
-I'm not so sure either.
Her father called me, so I ran over.
Goodness, she must've been tortured inside
for her to sleep like she's dead.
-Please let her sleep. Goodbye, then.
-Hey, wait.
We were about to leave.
Yes, we were about to go out.
You shouldn't leave her alone.
Could you stay by her side
until she wakes up?
Let's go.
Get dressed.
-It's freezing.
-I thought you had to be somewhere.
-Why did you--
-Hey.
How can you have so little romantic sense
as a romance webtoon artist assistant?
Who would Mun-su want to see
when she wakes up?
You're a good friend.
It's nice to get some air too.
How did you and Mun-su meet?
At the hospital.
She was in a building collapse,
I, in a motorcycle accident.
Motorcycle?
I used to be a fool for speed.
-A motorcycle…
-Don't try to comfort me.
I brought it upon myself.
Back then, I was busy
playing tough and showing off.
I was really spoiled and annoying.
So think of the ruckus I must have made.
I said I'd rather kill myself
than to be wheelchair-bound.
Did you think
it was always easy to deal with?
I finally learned to be okay.
I couldn't have been here if I was alone.
Only a patient girl like Mun-su
could manage to stick around
despite all those mean things I said.
That's why I have to be good to her.
Right, I thought of a place
I wanted to visit.
Let's go.
One second. Are you stuck?
Take your time.
I got used to waiting.
I'm sorry, but my customers are cold.
I need to close this.
I'm sorry.
There used to be a ramp here,
but it's gone.
Other customers kept tripping on it.
How can anyone in a wheelchair get inside?
We don't have any disabled customers.
It's not that you don't have any,
it's that you won't.
We don't have any seats. I'm sorry.
What do you mean, sir?
Our eyes are perfectly fine.
-Let's go. They're all staring.
-So what? What did we do?
It's not that they aren't around.
You make it hard for them to come!
Let's go to a better place, Ms. Kim.
There are no raised grounds
in front of entrances in Australia.
American theaters implemented slopes
to let the disabled watch from the back.
Yes, sir. It's me.
When is the lease renewal
for the café on the first floor?
Right? It's coming up in March.
I won't renew the contract.
I know their business is great.
But this time, no.
No, the monthly rent
is more than enough as it is.
It's not because of the money.
I can even lower it
depending on his attitude.
Anyway, tell the owner there
I'll reconsider the renewal
if he gets the problem
and is willing to fix it.
Okay, bye.
Do you own this building?
Yes, my family is pretty rich.
What a relief.
Come and watch when we recontract.
Should I ask Mun-su
to redesign the building?
Should I get rid of all the stairs?
Let's go. It's cold.
Hello?
Where are you?
At Wan-jin's.
How's Mom?
She's asleep. Don't worry.
I'll stay until Auntie comes.
-No, I'll be there.
-Forget it. Get some rest there.
Mun-su.
Your mom and I will…
continue to be like this.
We've come too far to change.
So don't let us hurt you,
and don't be too concerned.
But remember one thing.
Your mom is like this…
because she's unwell.
It's not your fault.
I know.
Okay.
Yes.
I thought you'd left.
How can I leave you?
Where's Wan-jin?
I think she gave us some privacy.
Why were you out here?
Because it was hard to keep…
my hands off of you.
Do you feel better?
What is it?
What would I have done without you?
Where else would I be?
I'm right here.
I remembered seeing you.
I remember…
how relieved I was
because I wasn't alone,
because you were there.
I had the same thoughts.
But I don't remember anything else.
We were there together,
so what took us so long to meet again?
Tell me.
You remember it all.
If you can't remember it, just let it go.
It's because you don't have to remember.
That's only easy for me.
Do you want everyone to suffer?
One of us should have peace.
What's wrong?
I think I was too mean to my mom.
You can be a jerk at times.
It gets tiring to always be a goody-goody.
Why are you always on my side?
Are you stupid?
Because I like you.
I like you too.
I like you so much…
that I began to wonder
if I deserved you.
You do.
You have to.
If that hadn't happened…
everything…
would've been fine.
Seong-jae.
Hey, you're here.
We already let them score three times,
but we've scored twice in the second half,
closing in on them.
You're right. Team Korea has changed
the formation a little.
They put the midfielder
Lee Gang-du up front.
He now moves forward aggressively,
allowing Korea to attack differently
from the first half.
As we speak, Lee shows brilliant footwork.
Lee breaks through.
Shoot!
That was close.
Gosh, that was so close.
Chief.
-You can eat. I'll go.
-No, I'm coming with you.
Goodness, I told you to eat slowly.
I'll be back.
Shoot! Goal!
-Hey, what?
-Look!
-Goal!
-It's a goal!
Did you see that?
Until a few minutes ago…
WHERE THE WIND SWEPT THROUGH
HA YEON-SU
The second half seems different.
Lee has scored a decisive goal,
turning the game around.
Korea chased from behind
and made a score of three-all.
We take another step
toward winning this game.
-The second half is…
-Did we win?
They fell behind in the first half.
We will.
Korea now faces
the final moment of the shoot-out.
Yes, and Lee will decide our victory.
He must score this one.
You're right.
Art Director.
Yes, coming.
It's a nerve-racking moment.
Lee is ready to shoot.
-Lee is ready.
-He runs.
And he shoots without hesitating.
-Goal!
Lee Gang-du! Lee scores!
Hooray for Korea!
Lee Gang-du makes it happen!
They've created an unprecedented miracle
in the history of our nation.
All Koreans here and overseas,
Korea did it.
That was Lee Gang-du's
dramatic final shoot-out!
That's why
we must do our best…
to be happier…
than anyone else.
SPECIAL THANKS TO OH MIN-SUK
Why did she choose
to be with Gang-du, not Mr. Seo?
Why do you like Gang-du?
I have too many reasons.
Not only do I like him,
there's nothing I hate about him.
Why did you want to see me first?
Some people never returned
from that accident.
You must check.
Mr. Seo will be responsible
if anything happens.
-How awful.
-What do you mean?
You get to play all the cool parts.
I can't let him be responsible
for something he didn't do.
Why did you do that?
That's it for me. You're on your own now.
It's because I should hear him.
Because I shouldn't forget.
Gang-du, isn't it weird?
"A prison of your own making."
If no one locked us up,
why can't we come out?
Subtitle translation by: Eun-sook Yoon